hello there um I'm at a campground and
I'm in South Carolina
this is Vicki from Maine and that's my
son
and there's a hole that they have a good
signal for and I'm trying to pinpoint
and I've been using my celkon it's my
Falcon okay but the Falcon you can see
all these black things on the where this
is a very cheap coax wire and I called
and tried to get the lifetime warranty
for this Falcon 230 Samant dollar metal
detector gold detector and when I did
they said that this was the most beat-up
you know it's been living in this bag
protected say it's not beat-up see the
box there was one thing inside I had to
change the batteries so many times
because it was malfunctioning when I
first got it
that I I ended up having to replace the
battery the little battery case thing
you know the little thing that holds a
9-volt battery and I soldered a new one
on and so because I did that you know
the guy got all upset and said I've been
abusing this well if you look right here
the there's a coax wire inside here that
means the ground wire is nothing but
cheap mesh very very thin cheap mesh
with a nice copper positive but a very
crappy negative so if there is any
stress or strain or bending going on on
this wire here which there is because
it's a metal detector well what happens
is these little cheap wires inside this
coax which it shouldn't be it should be
two copper wires one ground one positive
well it did just broke all the way up
the line is one there is one there and
there's one up here
a man would not honor the warranty he
said I had to pay another hundred
dollars for another probe which would
have been another crappy coax wire so
I'm gonna try and dissect it and put a
decent wire on this eventually but I'm
going to try and my son my son probe
won't work it doesn't want to work the
son probe just doesn't want to work on
my defects I don't know why I'm gonna
have to call the son pumpkiny again and
see what's up with that
it's really frustrating not to have a
probe so I'm going to try and connect it
it won't work on the beach at all I'm
gonna try and connect it and see if I
can find what's in this hole later